Vend DatadogAlamofireExtension from Package.swift (#1070)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios: Sources/DatadogExtensions/Alamofire/README.md

```
`DatadogSDKAlamofireExtension` requires Datadog SDK `1.5.0` or higher and `Alamofire 5.0` or higher.

### SPM

To include the Datadog integration for [Alamofire][1] in your project, add the
following to your `Package.swift` file:
```swift
    dependencies: [
        .package(url: "https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-ios", branch: "develop"),
    ],
    targets: [
        .target(
            name: "YourTargetHere",
            dependencies: [
                .product(name: "DatadogAlamofireExtension", package: "dd-sdk-ios"),
            ])
    ],
]
```

> `DatadogSDKAlamofireExtension` requires Datadog SDK `1.5.0` or higher and `Alamofire 5.0` or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DatadogSDKAlamofireExtension` requires Datadog SDK `1.5.0` or later and `Alamofire 5.0` or later.
```

### Carthage

> The Datadog [Alamofire][1] integration doesn't support [Carthage][2], however, the code needed for set up is very low. You may want to include the source files from this folder directly in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog [Alamofire][1] integration doesn't support [Carthage][2]; however, the code needed for set up is minimal. You may want to include the source files from this folder directly in your project.
```
